It is advisable to overlock the raw edge
at the lower part of the shoulder seam.
Fold the lower edge of the
shoulder pad fabric 1 centimetre.
Stitch along the seam allowance at
1-centimetre intervals,
4mm in from the raw edge.
Place the two shoulder
pads right sides together.
Place a pin at the centre of the length.
Fold it in half.
Place cardboard between the shoulder pads.
The collar opening is indicated.
2cm further back towards the
back panel than Katayama.
As shown in the table,
insert 8.6 cm scissors.
Pin the seam allowance on
the back piece in place.
Mark a 1-centimetre point.
Carving technique. The feel of the wood.
Leave a 1.6 cm seam allowance at
the back and sew the back seam.
Sew one stitch along the folded edge
at the lower part of the shoulder pad.
I shall secure it.
The collar should be worn with
the open side to the right.
I'll knock it over with a
2-millimetre gap on the other side.
Align the body piece towards you and the
shoulder pad piece
towards the opposite side,
Align the cut edges of the open collar
and secure the back seam with flat pins.
Sew with a 2-centimetre stitching
distance, 1 millimetre
outside the centre seam.
At this stage, use white lower
thread No. 30 for the binding thread.
The lower part of the
shoulder is stitched twice.
Sew the two pieces together diagonally.
I shall secure it.
Lay the body and shoulder
pads flat with the seams open.
Align the collar, shoulder, autumn seam
allowance and the edge of the
front panel, then secure with pins.
To ensure the collar attachment line is
visible from the shoulder pad side, mark
the folds using the collar
attachment and lapel drop marks.
Pin the area 4 millimetres outside
the collar and shoulder seam.
Align the shoulder peak on the sleeve
attachment side and pin it flat.
Fold the sleeve attachment line in the
same manner as the
collar and shoulder area.
Secure the outer edge 4 millimetres
in with basting stitches.